Add details for floats and strings for user attributes object (#7965)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/objects_filters/user_attributes_object.md

| Booleans | `true` or `false` |
| Dates | Must be stored in the [ISO 8601][19] format or in any of the following formats: <br>- `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss:SSSZ` <br>- `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss` <br>- `yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss` <br>- `yyyy-MM-dd` <br>- `MM/dd/yyyy` <br>- `ddd MM dd HH:mm:ss.TZD YYYY` <br><br>Note that "T" is a time designator, not a placeholder, and should not be changed or removed. <br><br>Time attributes without a time zone will default to Midnight UTC (and will be formatted on the dashboard as the equivalent of Midnight UTC in the company's time zone). <br><br> Events with timestamps in the future will default to the current time. <br><br> For regular custom attributes, if the year is less than 0 or greater than 3000, Braze stores these values as strings on the user. |

> | Floats | Float custom attributes are numbers with a decimal point. For example, you can use floats to store user ratings for products or services. |

Reviewer: Couple things to specific here:

1. Can you assign a negative number? Or must it always be positive?
2. I think its good to add some info on the general "precise-ness" of the float. For context, in many program languages there are floats and doubles. For example in C++ a float holds up to 4 bytes while a double holds up to 8 bytes of memory (i.e. approximately 7 decimal digits of precision for floats vs 15 for doubles). That means if you want to reference an integer like `1.29837918769`, you will want to use a float over a double. We don't need to be _overly_ precise here, but maybe giving a general "up to 5 decimal digits" or something is fine (once we verify with prod/eng).

Author: 1. I believe you can assign negative and positive numbers for floats. So for cases where a custom attribute is like a bank account balance, the float could be negative.
2. I don't think we have a specific limit for the number of digits in a float. I'm not entirely sure about the guidance here for how many decimal digits are recommended.

@shihanxiong - do you have any additional context here for @internetisaiah 's questions?

Reviewer 2: 1. float can be a negative number
2. Afaik ruby has a limit of 15 digits to float type

Reviewer: cool. given that the max value is so high, i doubt customers will ever exceed it, so i don't think we need to specify that personally. but i trust your judgement @lydia-xie 👍🏽

> | Floats | Float custom attributes are numbers with a decimal point. For example, you can use floats to store user ratings for products or services. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Floats | Float custom attributes are positive or negative numbers with a decimal point. For example, you can use floats to store account balances or user ratings for products or services. |
```

| Integers | Integer custom attributes may be incremented by positive or negative integers by assigning them an object with the field "inc" and the value by which you want to increment them. <br><br>Example: `"my_custom_attribute_2" : {"inc" : int_value},`|

> | Strings | String custom attributes are sequences of characters used to store text data. For example, you can use strings to store user names, email addresses, or preferences. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Strings | String custom attributes are sequences of characters used to store text data. For example, you can use strings to store first and last names, email addresses, or preferences. |
```
